Look the detail wanted to show a
headline here because I think it's going to
discussion an interesting question
the newspaper of são paulo brings in its cover the
fico's price
about neymar and there he is saying
following the managers who take care of
of neymar 's career is saying
that the boos received by the
neymar in the Brazilian national team games
are consequences of overexposure of the
neymar and from the decision the neymar to stay at
Brazilian soccer and they say that if the
neymar had already left the saints and the
europe football this overexposure
would not happen and neymar would not
booze is not to be exposed to boos in
games for example of the Brazilian national team
so I found this analysis interesting is
a point of view I do not know what you
find
but it 's the journal are the headline here
paulo the price of fig neymar was booed
and called a pipoqueiro
in the last game of the selection I want to see the
arthur dapieve about this thesis of
overexposure to overexposure with
sure you can not connect to the
television in 35 minutes and not
see the neymar star in the commercial
It is in this break on the first break that
go through the head
now the question of boo he does not play in
saints I think my gave the tenth
I disagree because I think the saints are a
team that enjoys the sympathy of a good part
of the Brazilian fans
even that we think Santos
he gets the boo because he can not
reproduce in the selection what he does by
saints
now it can not play on the
selection by the opponent of the same
that it is chile and bolivia only one
a little better than most
of the adversaries of the saints
I think he's just going to be a star
unquestionable and none of them are free
goes to all of them have already been booed on
some time when he tries to play
regularly in Europe the control pels
who has a football at the moment a lot
better than us that he in fact is what the
Advertising says he does it seem like
is an advertising and advertising
now barbarizes in the field, except at
saints and from time to time he does not at the bar
iso when goal is the last one I
remember a spectacular dribble that gave you
on top of an attacker from the
black stream at the beginning of the season I want
see to it the effect of neighborhood
double
I adopt it because it's the curious thing is that fame
neymar in the world it continues
very high up because to the neymar world
does not have a super exposure to the world
neymar is watched on youtube because
in the world he is a dvd player he
businessman jairo jorge begins today the
youtube but he is a good he is a great
player of course he yes but
mazembe but he has never been put to the test
really never put to the test I I
I really liked david beckham as
player honestly think he was the
excellent striker afterwards and arrived
playing as a defensive midfielder was very good as
wheel in the middle was captain
manchester of england national team
captain of the real madrid and the
milan is also for me a player who
it was very good but they had marketing
superior the football that he played the
neymar today for example as barcelona
suffers the blow that suffers for the neighborhood
of munich and when you open the newspapers
Spaniards after this thrashing of this
massacre in this torment for the supporter
of barcelona and the name of neymar appears
as one of the solutions or one of the names
that will serve to reassemble this team
who dominated world football in the
last years to the sports world
again on your cover today the cover of the world
sporty
are the six signings that barcelona
want to do and what the main picture is
neymar, as much as we say
good player and crack
Do not you think this image is bigger than
that the football he made is not that
the height image of his soccer
the neymar after the messi is technically
the best player in the world nowadays
now he has in Brazil is this pressure
all around him neymar in front
this year ronaldo I see I see the
neymar with the age of Christian ronaldo
will play more than the Christian
ronaldo plays today and if he was the
Barcelona then there's going to be cowardice
cent he undoubtedly played in the
Barcelona, he will be there every year.
among the top three in that election
from fifa
so when there is no doubt about it already
state or maintain all the conditions
he dribbles well he kicks with both of them
Feet This Move Now Selection
did not help neymar
The Brazilian team is a problem, is it?
being reassembled outdated scheme
this whole thing that everyone said
against Chile but arrives at the
selection
the fan wants to see something does not see
I do not think I should boo either.
I think it's horrible for you to be hunching a
selecting and calling any player
that it is not only neymar not to be
calling the pipoqueiro player during
I think the game is one for me.
a tremendous demonstration of pain
elbow of the fans in relation to the
crack that have millions in the account
bank that has the best girlfriends
some of the best girlfriends in brazil
Who has a car, I do not know who I think this
there is one but it only then psychological but
he was already cheered on in Belo horizonte
even after the game the cruise he
ate the ball only against the
chile did not yield any 10th that we
the selection did not sell the chile gave a
Brazilian team walk
The 2 to 2 were already very irritated
by the way he was treated in the
mine will do that but the bad signal
certainly on show that you more
brava does not think that it should not be supported
the selection is not due to any player
it was during the game now as if
heard the question, however, that the
your optimism with the motto I love neymar
but today he did not climb neymar his
eleven best selection businesses you
was there you're cheated neymar on
area that is undoubtedly one of the
best in the world but so is is very
awesome for people who are not even in the
Spain today speaks about two issues
main issue is the unemployment rate
of 27.2 per cent a record rate of
unemployment is the Spanish population yesterday
went to the streets to protest about it
we have some images about it and the
second subject is the real chocolate
madrid and barcelona the soccer bubble
Spanish took this week if it would be
exchange your opinion you agree
telmo or stay over here I do not know if
adapt
I do not agree with you, and you stay more.
here on our side about
carlos cereto looks I respect the opinion
of the time but I think neymar still
is not on the level of the Christian ronaldo
I think that Christian Ronaldo is at the
I spoke with him and found
I hardly spoke when apologies and lyrics are spoken
when you are the Christian's age
ronaldo will play more than
cristiano ronaldo plays even more today
potential has a potential and
has the potential to teach some
now is a fact is that the neymar with the
Brazilian team shirt and not
can play what you play in the saints and
people and I feel privileged that
accompanies most of the games of the
Saints accompanied in loco is the side of the
field he bustles he does things like that
we keep an open mouth but he
You can not do this with the
selection now the question of boo too
may be a little club thing
neymar club question by the saints
for example the crowd there in beautiful
My Photo
ronaldinho also played
absolutely nothing
neymar still has a goal tried some
thing tried a dribble one thing is
ronaldinho could have been booed out
played absolutely nothing but us
knows that a good part of the crowd was also
of athleticism and there is absolution
ronaldinho from the match just reasonable
what made the selection shirt